then all the tribes of Israel came to
then all the tribes of Israel came to David at Hebron and spoke indeed we are
David at Hebron and spoke indeed we are
David at Hebron and spoke indeed we are your bone and your flesh also in time
your bone and your flesh also in time
your bone and your flesh also in time past when saul was king over us you were
past when saul was king over us you were
past when saul was king over us you were the one who led israel out and brought
the one who led israel out and brought
the one who led israel out and brought them in and the lord said to you you
them in and the lord said to you you
them in and the lord said to you you shall Shepherd my people Israel and be
shall Shepherd my people Israel and be
shall Shepherd my people Israel and be ruler over Israel therefore all the
ruler over Israel therefore all the
ruler over Israel therefore all the elders of Israel came to the king at
elders of Israel came to the king at
elders of Israel came to the king at Hebron and King David made a covenant
Hebron and King David made a covenant
Hebron and King David made a covenant with them at Hebron before the Lord and
with them at Hebron before the Lord and
with them at Hebron before the Lord and they anointed David king over Israel
they anointed David king over Israel
they anointed David king over Israel David was 30 years old when he began to
David was 30 years old when he began to
David was 30 years old when he began to reign and he reigned 40 years in Hebron
reign and he reigned 40 years in Hebron
reign and he reigned 40 years in Hebron he reigned over Judah seven years and
he reigned over Judah seven years and
he reigned over Judah seven years and six months and in Jerusalem he reigned
six months and in Jerusalem he reigned
six months and in Jerusalem he reigned 33 years over all Israel and Judah and
33 years over all Israel and Judah and
33 years over all Israel and Judah and the Khanna's men went to Jerusalem
the Khanna's men went to Jerusalem
the Khanna's men went to Jerusalem against the chebyshev's the inhabitants
against the chebyshev's the inhabitants
against the chebyshev's the inhabitants of the land who spoke to David you shall
of the land who spoke to David you shall
of the land who spoke to David you shall not come in here
not come in here
not come in here but the blind and Elaine will repel you
but the blind and Elaine will repel you
but the blind and Elaine will repel you David cannot come in here nevertheless
David cannot come in here nevertheless
David cannot come in here nevertheless David took the stronghold of Zion that
David took the stronghold of Zion that
David took the stronghold of Zion that is the City of David
is the City of David
is the City of David now David said on that day whoever
now David said on that day whoever
now David said on that day whoever climbs up by way of the water shaft and
climbs up by way of the water shaft and
climbs up by way of the water shaft and defeats the Jebusites
defeats the Jebusites
defeats the Jebusites the lame and the blind who are hated by
the lame and the blind who are hated by
the lame and the blind who are hated by David soul he shall be chief and captain
David soul he shall be chief and captain
David soul he shall be chief and captain therefore they say the blind and the
therefore they say the blind and the
therefore they say the blind and the lame shall not come into the house then
lame shall not come into the house then
lame shall not come into the house then David dwelt in the stronghold and called
David dwelt in the stronghold and called
David dwelt in the stronghold and called it the City of David and David built all
it the City of David and David built all
it the City of David and David built all around from the milho and inward so
around from the milho and inward so
around from the milho and inward so David went on and became great and the
David went on and became great and the
David went on and became great and the Lord God of hosts was with him then
Lord God of hosts was with him then
Lord God of hosts was with him then Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David and cedar trees and carpenters and
David and cedar trees and carpenters and
David and cedar trees and carpenters and Mason's
Mason's
Mason's and they built David a house so David
and they built David a house so David
and they built David a house so David knew that the Lord had established him
knew that the Lord had established him
knew that the Lord had established him as king over Israel and that he had
as king over Israel and that he had
as king over Israel and that he had exalted his kingdom for the sake of his
exalted his kingdom for the sake of his
exalted his kingdom for the sake of his people Israel and David took more
people Israel and David took more
people Israel and David took more concubines and wives from Jerusalem
concubines and wives from Jerusalem
concubines and wives from Jerusalem after he had come from Hebron also more
after he had come from Hebron also more
after he had come from Hebron also more sons and daughters were born to David
sons and daughters were born to David
sons and daughters were born to David now these are the names of those who
now these are the names of those who
now these are the names of those who were born to him in Jerusalem
were born to him in Jerusalem
were born to him in Jerusalem Shambu ah show band Nathan Solomon ha ha
Shambu ah show band Nathan Solomon ha ha
Shambu ah show band Nathan Solomon ha ha le schewe newfag Sofia Elisha ma the
le schewe newfag Sofia Elisha ma the
le schewe newfag Sofia Elisha ma the ladder and Allah Fallot
ladder and Allah Fallot
ladder and Allah Fallot now when the Philistines heard that they
now when the Philistines heard that they
now when the Philistines heard that they had anointed David king over Israel all
had anointed David king over Israel all
had anointed David king over Israel all the Philistines went up to search for
the Philistines went up to search for
the Philistines went up to search for David and David heard of it and went
David and David heard of it and went
David and David heard of it and went down to the stronghold the Philistines
down to the stronghold the Philistines
down to the stronghold the Philistines also went and deployed themselves in the
also went and deployed themselves in the
also went and deployed themselves in the valley of Rephaim so David inquired of
valley of Rephaim so David inquired of
valley of Rephaim so David inquired of the Lord shall I go up against the
the Lord shall I go up against the
the Lord shall I go up against the Philistines will you deliver them into
Philistines will you deliver them into
Philistines will you deliver them into my hand go up for I will doubtless
my hand go up for I will doubtless
my hand go up for I will doubtless deliver the Philistines into your hand
deliver the Philistines into your hand
deliver the Philistines into your hand so David went to bail paracin and David
so David went to bail paracin and David
so David went to bail paracin and David defeated them there and he said the Lord
defeated them there and he said the Lord
defeated them there and he said the Lord has broken through my enemies before me
has broken through my enemies before me
has broken through my enemies before me like a breakthrough of water therefore
like a breakthrough of water therefore
like a breakthrough of water therefore he called the name of that place Bale
he called the name of that place Bale
he called the name of that place Bale parison and they left their images there
parison and they left their images there
parison and they left their images there and David and his men carried them away
and David and his men carried them away
and David and his men carried them away then the Philistines went up once again
then the Philistines went up once again
then the Philistines went up once again and deployed themselves in the valley of
and deployed themselves in the valley of
and deployed themselves in the valley of Rephaim
Rephaim
Rephaim therefore David inquired of the Lord you
therefore David inquired of the Lord you
therefore David inquired of the Lord you shall not go on circle around behind
shall not go on circle around behind
shall not go on circle around behind them and come upon them in front of the
them and come upon them in front of the
them and come upon them in front of the mulberry trees and it shall be when you
mulberry trees and it shall be when you
mulberry trees and it shall be when you hear the sound of marching in the tops
hear the sound of marching in the tops
hear the sound of marching in the tops of the mulberry trees then you shall
of the mulberry trees then you shall
of the mulberry trees then you shall advance quickly for then the Lord will
advance quickly for then the Lord will
advance quickly for then the Lord will go out before you to strike the camp of
go out before you to strike the camp of
go out before you to strike the camp of the Philistines and David did so as the
the Philistines and David did so as the
the Philistines and David did so as the LORD commanded him and he drove back the
LORD commanded him and he drove back the
LORD commanded him and he drove back the Philistines from giba as far as Giza
Philistines from giba as far as Giza
Philistines from giba as far as Giza [Music]